# 2023-04-29 API Abuse
Abusing Spotify’s algorithm to produce extreme recommendations

Two columns are the seed song and their result. I set up Spotify to source recommendations from the seed song, the seed artist, and the seed genre. In most cases the recommended song was produced from the genre just because that was a broader pool, so these are the genre “extremes”

## maximize danceability, maximize sadness
bodys by csh - neon flowers by field medic
Jackie and Wilson (live version ofc) by Hozier - Unconditional by Matt Maeson
Nothing Even Matters by Lauryn Hill - Jazzy Belle by OutKast
Misery Business by Paramore - X by 21 Savage
Kiss me More by Doja Cat - Don’t Matter to Me by Drake


## maximize energy, maximize sadness
bodys by csh - can I receive the contact by hypnotic jerks
Jackie and Wilson by Hozier - Youngblood by 5 seconds of summer
Nothing Even Matters by Lauryn Hill - Damage by H.E.R
Misery Business by Paramore - Not the American Average by Asking Alexandria
^also got The Ballad is Mona Lisa by Panic! At the Disco
Kiss Me More by Doja Cat - 20 below by Sam i

## min popularity pop song
the max popularity song i could find is 97/100 boy’s a liar pt 2 by pink pantheress. when using this as a seed, the LEAST popular track I could get, popularity 0/100, is Pink22 (feat. Clara La San) by DVA, which actually sounds kinda fun

## max popularity indie song
I used CSH as a seed (doesn’t matter), genres indie pop/indie rock/pov: indie. max popularity song is Lovers Rock by TV Girl with genre pov: indie, popularity 77/100

## saddest indie song
to complete my quest for the quintessential sad girl indie playlist ofc. all songs have valence tied of 0.04 (ranges from 0 to 1)
* organon by men I trust
* Melanchole by salvia palth
* Ribs by Lorde
* melanchole - diary pt 1 by salvia palth
* loser monologue by sign crushes motorist
* Transgender by crystal castles
* Reprise (reprise) by salvia palth
^spotify has valence so wrong, if stop smoking, famous prophets, and exit music for a film have 0.17-0.33 valences. fuck that, those songs are gut wrenching
^and no idea why Lorde is showing up, lol
